[Music]
[Applause]
eight of the rarest physical features
ever people with goldenblood supervision
and no fingerprints
they sound like characters from the
latest superhero movie right plot twist
they are as real as you and me so do you
want to know how unique your physical
features are then keep watching but
before we get into all the details don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
turn on this little notification bells
now you won't miss a thing number eight
heterochromia have you ever seen a
beautiful cat with eyes of different
colors that's called heterochromia and
humans can have it too heterochromia is
determined by a pigment called melanin
and it can be either inherited or caused
by certain diseases or injuries
scientists firmly believe that the main
reason for it is a lack of genetic
diversity moreover there are actually
three different types of heterochromia
complete where one iris is a different
color from the other sectoral where only
a certain part of the iris is of another
color and central heterochromia which
has a radiation of different colors from
the pupil statistically speaking only
six out of every 1000 people have had a
row chromia but we can probably all
agree that it only adds more charm to
these rare individuals appearance making
them look even more mysterious and
unique number seven photic sneeze reflex
while most of us sneeze because of a
respiratory irritant or allergen of some
kind people with the photic sneeze
reflex do it in response to bright
lights this condition affects around 18
percent to 35 percent of people in the
US alone and one in every four people in
general the reason for such a response
to bright lights lies deep inside a
person's genetics back in 2010
scientists conducted an online study of
10,000 people all the participants had
to do was say whether or not they're
light sneezers and let the specialists
analyze their DNA the results of the
study were published in the
yellow s genetics journal and revealed
that photic sneeze errs have only one
thing different from common sneezers and
it's the letter C instead of T in their
DNA
but even though scientists know the main
reason for this type of sneeze reflex
there are still no theories as to why
this condition appeared and evolved in
the first place
number 6
unbreakable bones back in 1994 a man was
involved in a dramatic car crash and
ended up with no fractures or broken
bones
scientists later found out that he had
an interesting genetic mutation which
they called lr p5 it's strongly
connected to the gene that regulates the
production and release of protein which
in turn plays a crucial role in bone
density after digging into it more and
more specialists started to find even
more people with bones eight times
denser than the average person in one
case a person had to go through several
failed hip replacements simply because
his bones were so dense that doctors
couldn't screw the prosthesis into them
so it's pretty much useless to mess with
these unique people they're so tough
that it's literally impossible for them
to break a bone under normal
circumstances number 5 neck ribs
what neck ribs is that even possible
yep that's exactly what one in about 500
people in the whole world has medically
speaking it's a cervical rib that arises
from the seventh cervical vertebra more
simply your neck a person can have a
neck rib on the right left or both sides
and they can vary in size and shape but
don't worry these ribs rarely cause any
major discomfort the only possible
problem is the rib pressing on nerves or
blood vessels which can lead to a
feeling of numbness from time to time
other than that the life of a person
with neck ribs is pretty much the same
as yours number four double dash line
do you remember Elizabeth Taylor's
gorgeous long and thick eyelashes they
were all thanks to a condition called
distich iosys which means you have not
one lash line but two from a scientific
perspective it happens because of a
transcription error in a person's
sixteenth chromosome and is basically a
genetic mutation simply speaking if your
parents have it there's a high chance
that you'll have it too even though it
sounds like a beauty dream having a
double dash line isn't as amazing as it
may seem in some cases distich iasis can
pose a serious threat to corneal
integrity luckily there aren't that many
cases of double lash line problems
usually it just captures everyone's
attention and makes one's eyelashes look
perfect number three a Dermot olivia
this genetic disorder with a long name
is exceptionally rare reportedly only
for extended families in the whole world
have it it all started in 2007 when a
woman from Switzerland contacted
dermatologist Peter iton to say that she
had trouble entering the u.s. because
she had no fingerprints further
examination of eight other members of
the woman's family showed that all of
them were born pretty much printless
with the help of his colleagues
Ayten later found three other families
with a similar condition unfortunately
there's still not enough confirmed
information about this disorder what's
known is that it all has to do with a
mutation of a region of DNA called smart
cat one that codes for protein so people
with a Dermot Olivia basically have a
shortened form of a skin specific
protein the good news is that this
condition doesn't affect their
well-being at all it just makes them a
little bit different number two golden
blood we all know that there are eight
blood types out there but the big news
is that it's not exactly true in reality
there are millions of varieties of blood
types even get ready for it goldenblood
this blood type is called RH null and
it's the rarest one on the planet it has
been reported that only 43 people in the
whole world have it now that's what you
call uniqueness right there
the are H and O blood type often called
golden blood basically lacks all 61
antigens in RH which is the largest
blood system back in 1961 it was
considered to be extremely dangerous
since doctors were absolutely sure that
a baby with no RH antigens wouldn't
survive birth but as you can see they
were wrong and people with the golden
blood type can live happily ever after
just like the rest of us however even
though it sounds incredibly poetic
having this type of blood isn't as cool
as you may think in a serious emergency
there are only nine donors out there for
people with this rare blood type and
we're sorry to disappoint you but golden
blood is still red in color so what do
you think would you like to have this
blood type tell us in the comments
number 1 seeing invisible colors it
sounds like a superpower but it's
completely true some people can totally
see hundreds of colors that we can't
even imagine this condition is called
tetrachromacy or tetrachromatic vision
and only 25 percent of people have it
the thing is most of us have only three
types of cone cells in our retina but
not tetrachromats these guys have an
additional cone cell that offers
hundreds of variants for every single
color you can name sounds unreal right
but how can you find out if you have
this fascinating feature easy neuro
marketing expert professor Dianna Derval
developed a very simple tetrachromacy
test all you have to do is look at the
spectrum and count the colors you see
the more there are the higher your
chances of having cool vision so don't
forget to take this tetrachromacy test
and tell us your results in the comments
so there you go that's all for the
rarest features out there which one of
them would you like to have and which
one in your opinion is a total nightmare
tell us in the comment section below
if you found this video interesting hit
the like button and share it with your
friends and family to find out how
unique they are if you want to see more
of the fun and educational videos coming
daily from the bright side of life click
Subscribe and join us see you soon
you